howto configure exporter programmatically in spring starter (#4282)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/languages/java/automatic/spring-boot.md

}
```

##### Configure the exporter programmatically

> You can also configure OTLP exporters programmatically. This configuration will
> replace the default OTLP exporter, and will add a custom header to the requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure OTLP exporters programmatically. This configuration
replaces the default OTLP exporter and adds a custom header to the requests.
```

```java
package io.opentelemetry.example.graal;

import static io.opentelemetry.exporter.otlp.internal.OtlpConfigUtil.DATA_TYPE_TRACES;

import io.opentelemetry.api.metrics.MeterProvider;
import io.opentelemetry.exporter.otlp.http.trace.OtlpHttpSpanExporter;
import io.opentelemetry.exporter.otlp.http.trace.OtlpHttpSpanExporterBuilder;

> import io.opentelemetry.exporter.otlp.internal.OtlpConfigUtil;

Reviewer 2: is there a way to avoid using internal classes?

Author: Only if we implement https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java/pull/6368

Author: BTW, the same class is added in https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-examples/pull/378

I'm planning to use an "include" mechanism: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io/issues/4276

Author: > is there a way to avoid using internal classes?

done :smile:
